# Changelog

Based on KeepAChangelog.
Generated by **Documatic.**

## Unreleased

### Added

* Google doc link file
* Template
* Snake with a link at the home page. snake page is buggy.
* Tetris to gamescontroller and page. fix link from index page to snake.
* Scoring to tetris
* Name to auther on tetris
* Background.  description tabs in game page.
* Admin page to layout and controller.  placeholder text
* File for addition fonts. global fonts can be placed in cite.css.
* Pong.js
* Classes in site.css for the main colors provided in the disign guideline document as well as the fonts we currently have.
* Logo to navbar (when clicked, sends back to home page)
* Logo.png to wwwroot folder
* Bucstop icon logo
* Back the games tab to the menu bar.
* To games controller
* Admin view back and fixed logo not appearing in the game views
* Docker.yml
* Dotnet.yml
* Version # button that links to github patch notes
* A check before reseting the ball whan a score is made.
* Authentication logic, need to modify views now
* Date atribute to games as well as put it in "description's pill" under the actual description.
* Link to gamecriteria view into the footer for submitting games
* Ul/li to site.css to change text color for them
* Game criteria page.
* Imbedded google form using iframes to gamecriteria page
* Test
* Files via upload
* Zapiertest
* A new tab for the leaderboard in each game's navigation section.
* An about page.
* A news section near the bottom of index, including link stubs for the version pages.

### Changed

* With default template changes
* Game page template
* Game model to include thumbnail, added reference to thumbnails in game controller, and  games list page to display thumbnails.
* Snake.cshtml
* Tetris.cshtml
* The colors of elements to make it look more like etsu
* The majority of the css into site.css
* Readme.md
* Version # button and rest of footer to color match site
* Docker-build&push.yml
* And rename docker-build&push.yml to deploy.yml
* And rename dotnet-build.yml to .netbuild.yml
* Deploy.yml
* .netbuild.yml
* Index.cshtml
* To match dev
* Playcount.json
* .gitignore
* Docker-compose.yml
* Layout
* _layout.cshtml

### Fixed

* Ui issues with snake game
* Tetris link on home and game page
* The bootstrap problem coming from the pills
* Some stuff
* Regex
* My dumb mistake
* Playcount

### Removed

* Div on site.css to make copyright and bucstop colors revert back to gray
* Old stuff
* Auto-generated compose file
* Scripts/test
* Google doc link that is now in readme
* Zapiertest
* Changelog.md
* Changelongtestfile
* Bucstop/wwwroot/playcount.json
